Update container-discovery-management.md (#29052)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/guide/container-discovery-management.md

## Agent configuration

Use the environment variables in the table below to configure container filtering. Each inclusion or exclusion is defined as a list of space-separated regex strings. You can include or exclude containers based on their:
- container name (`name`)
- container image name (`image`)

> - Kubernetes namespace (`kube_namespace`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes namespace (`kube_namespace`)
```

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> the `name` parameter only apply to container name and not to pod name even if the container run in a Kubernetes pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `name` parameter only applies to container names, not pod names, even if the container runs in a Kubernetes pod.
```
